how about your comfortable
wait off - we're starting
the end of the year you were born plain
as well as you are right now you think
Mark Jackson said that your what is that
you know I think coach actually kind of
listen this the guy did you always have
that is that just a quality that you
patterns that something that you learned
and I'm still like that no this is fifth
grade clam ball so whatever sport it was
either I grew up playing like that so
yeah yes that's just me did you doubt
yourself at all end of the year likely
to get nervous not alone it's a marathon
66 games should be played
there's only a few games you know you
can't judge yourself on ten games
available and people quick each other
that's all it's just you can't like I
said you can't judge yourself yeah you
gotta keep your confidence after not be
successful miss naked thank you coach
Jackson said that you're an underrated
defender as well do you find that
transitions have been the MBA as the
defender harder or easier or pretty much
what you expected so I expect I watched
him be a vessel the whole life so I know
how a lot of these plays plays I'm a fan
as well so that's why I expected was
stood still just sorrow